Documents/GraduationPlan/Competency overview.markdown, before:

## Competencies
### Competency overview
* Research	& Innovation														6
* Concepting 																		6
* Growth & Reflection															6
* Multimedia Design															3
* Multimedia Production													3
* Quality Monitoring & Implementation							3
* Communication																	3
* Multidisciplinary Teamwork											0
* Project management 														0	
* Sharing																				0

### Activity per competency
#### Research & Innovation
##### Goals
As researching is not one of our strong suits, we'll have to look into possible research methods and how to apply them. For instance, this will be our first time conducting interviews on key people in our relevant industries. He'll have to learn how to conduct them properly so we can rely on the information obtained during those interviews.

##### Possible hazards
Getting the right information from interviews can be tricky. To make sure we get as much relevant information as possible, we'll have to extensively plan our interviews. Preparing each question in advance, and recording the whole conversation will help us getting the most valuable knowledge from our interviewees.

##### Tasks
Before getting started on the thesis we need to find the unambiguous questions behind our problem and setup related goals. This is required so we can focus our attention while researching on the core problem.

We need to gather information about existing web platforms, structures, databases and thus need to do research. We’ll be collecting this information through interviews and desk research. Prior to doing the research we’ll have to write a research plan and find out how to do proper interviews. This knowledge will be included in the Research plan together with all the choices we make prior to doing the research.

##### Results
* Interviews
* Research plan
* Advice/Vision 
* Goal set
* Thesis plan
* Research document

#### Concepting
##### Goals
During this project we'll be applying rapid prototyping. This is not our first try at rapid prototyping, but getting a solid understanding of this technique requires at lot of practice. One of our goals is to master this technique, so we can teach it to others.

##### Possible hazards
Efficiently switching between different phases of rapid prototyping can be really hard. Sticking to our planning, and really switching phases when required will help us overcome this hazard.

##### Tasks
Based research we are going to create a vision which in account the needs of the intended uses. Because we’re going to use the rapid prototyping method the vision and concept will be thoroughly tested on it’s fitness and improved where needed.
After distilling our vision from the research we have to make the vision concrete by making a proper concept  and a visualisation of the concept. The concept should be easy to understand by others with little knowledge on the subject. 

##### Results
* Vision document
* Vision presentation

#### Multimedia Design
##### Goals
Our goals is to learn how to create a future vision on an academic level. We want to design a structure which will stay relevant for years to come.  For this we need to develop a new kind of mindset. Thinking beyond borders of just implementing a technology, and instead start thinking about creating our own technologies.

##### Possible hazards
It's hard to think about uninvented technologies on an abstract level. It's easy to drift off, just thinking about all of the possibilities. Constantly reviewing our progression & writing down our ideas will help us sort through the vast amount of ideas we will have.

##### Tasks
We’re going to design a structure which should be thoroughly documented so it can easily be implemented by others in the future when technology is ready. Together with the Vision document will the Design document be the main product of our thesis.

##### Results
* The technical design
* Design document
* A suggestion for future development of the internet


#### Multimedia Production
##### Goals
Building a prototype solely on our own ideas

##### Possible Hazards
We will have to drop features from our prototype even though we designed them our selves. Always putting the value of the final product above our own desires and reviewing made changes with each other will result in the best possible product.

#####  Tasks
We’ll be creating a prototype out of the vision, concept, structure and technical design. 

##### Results
* Creating a prototype/structure
* Creating a proof of concept

#### Quality Monitoring & Implementation
##### Goals
We want to design a future vision which will stay relevant for years. To accomplish this we will have to critically look at our own ideas, and find every single possible flaw.

##### Possible hazards
Over iterating on trivial features can be very time consuming and delay the project. Prioritising and sticking to our planning will help us overcoming this problem.

##### Tasks
Because we’re going to be rapid prototyping, we’re constantly testing out our product, the vision. This way research will continue while developing and thus constantly improve our product.  This will result in an even better vision & proof of concept after testing.

##### Results
* A logbook full of choices, problems we’ve stumbled upon and their solutions.
* A lot of git commits ;)

#### Communication
##### Goals
Learning how to write academic english will be of great value to writing our future vision. Explaining very abstract subjects to other non-technical people requires a specific way of writing. We would be satisfied with our progression if even non-technical people (our parents for example), can understand our concept.

##### Possible hazards
Because we're writing this thesis in English, it will be more time consuming for us. Which can lead to miscalculations in our planning. It's important that we take this into account in our planning.

##### Tasks
We’ll be writing all documents in English because we want reach a big audience and open source during our process. This way it will be easy for anyone to follow our progression and findings through Github. 

##### Results
* Full thesis in flawless english
* A presentation
* A suggestion for future development of the internet
* All open sourced for the world to see (and use or fork) on Github.

#### Growth & Reflection
##### Tasks
Prior to starting our thesis we’ve written down our individual expectations and goals. This way we can constantly secure our focus on the progress and make the most out of ourselves as possible. By setting ambitious and bold goals we keep ourselves motivated and will bring a step closer to world domination.

During the thesis we’ll be on our thesis we’ll be reflection on our progression and results. We’ll bundle this afterwards and write a concluding reflection on the whole project.

##### Results
* Thesis plan
* A conclusion in the thesis
* Reflection
* And git log with pictures

Commit message:

Revision after feedback moments with Maarten and Raymond
Revised competencies, questions & goals. Removed hypothesis & problem.

Documents/GraduationPlan/Competency overview.markdown, after:

## Competencies
### Competency overview
* Research	& Innovation														6
* Concepting 																		6
* Growth & Reflection															6
* Multimedia Design															3
* Multimedia Production													3
* Quality Monitoring & Implementation							3
* Communication																	3
* Multidisciplinary Teamwork											0
* Project management 														0	
* Sharing																				0

### Activity per competency
#### Research & Innovation
##### Goals
As researching is not one of our strong suits, we'll have to look into possible research methods and how to apply them. For instance, this will be our first time conducting interviews on key people in our relevant industries. He'll have to learn how to conduct them properly so we can rely on the information obtained during those interviews.

##### Possible hazards
Getting the right information from interviews can be tricky. To make sure we get as much relevant information as possible, we'll have to extensively plan our interviews. Preparing each question in advance, and recording the whole conversation will help us getting the most valuable knowledge from our interviewees.

##### Tasks
Before getting started on the thesis we need to find the unambiguous questions behind our problem and setup related goals. This is required so we can focus our attention while researching on the core problem.

We need to gather information about existing web platforms, structures, databases and thus need to do research. We’ll be collecting this information through interviews and desk research. Prior to doing the research we’ll have to write a research plan. To be able to conduct our interviews properly we'll be reading some books about this subject. This knowledge will be included in the Research plan together with all the choices we make prior to doing the research.

##### Results
* Interviews
* Research plan
* Advice/Vision 
* Goal set
* Thesis plan
* Research document

#### Concepting
##### Goals
During this project we'll be applying rapid prototyping. This is not our first try at rapid prototyping, but getting a solid understanding of this technique requires at lot of practice. One of our goals is to master this technique, so we can teach it to others.

##### Possible hazards
Efficiently switching between different phases of rapid prototyping can be really hard. Sticking to our planning, and really switching phases when required will help us overcome this hazard.

##### Tasks
Based on our research we are going to create a vision which takes into account the needs of the intended uses. Because we’re going to use the rapid prototyping method the vision and concept will be thoroughly tested on it’s fitness and improved where needed. To be able to efficiently use the rapid prototyping method, we'll have to look into our possible hazards, and on how to dodge them. We will do this by looking online at how seasoned rapid prototype experts have tackled these issues.

After distilling our vision from the research we have to make the vision concrete by making a proper concept  and a visualisation of the concept. The concept should be easy to understand by others with little knowledge on the subject. 

##### Results
* Vision document
* Vision presentation

#### Multimedia Design
##### Goals
Our goals is to learn how to create a future vision on an academic level. We want to design a structure which will stay relevant for years to come.  For this we need to develop a new kind of mindset. Thinking beyond borders of just implementing a technology, and instead start thinking about creating our own technologies.

##### Possible hazards
It's hard to think about uninvented technologies on an abstract level. It's easy to drift off, just thinking about all of the possibilities. Constantly reviewing our progression & writing down our ideas will help us sort through the vast amount of ideas we will have.

##### Tasks
We’re going to design a structure which should be thoroughly documented so it can easily be implemented by others in the future when technology is ready. Together with the vision document will the design document be the main product of our thesis.

To learn how to write such documents on an academic level, we're going to look at how other professionals have done this. We want to learn from their mistakes & achievements.

##### Results
* The technical design
* Design document
* A suggestion for future development of the internet


#### Multimedia Production
##### Goals
Building a prototype solely on our own ideas.

##### Possible Hazards
We will have to drop features from our prototype even though we designed them ourselves. Always putting the value of the final product above our own desires and reviewing made changes with each other will result in the best possible product.

#####  Tasks
We’ll be creating a prototype out of the vision, concept, structure and technical design.

As we can't currently know what we'll be building, it's hard to plan what we want to learn in advance. Looking into various possible versions of creating a proof of concept could prove useful during this phase of our thesis.

##### Results
* Creating a prototype/structure
* Creating a proof of concept

#### Quality Monitoring & Implementation
##### Goals
We want to design a future vision which will stay relevant for years. To accomplish this we will have to critically look at our own ideas, and find every single possible flaw.

##### Possible hazards
Over iterating on trivial features can be very time consuming and delay the project. Prioritising and sticking to our planning will help us overcoming this problem.

##### Tasks
Because we’re going to be rapid prototyping, we’re constantly testing out our product, the vision. This way research will continue while developing and thus constantly improve our product.  This will result in an even better vision & proof of concept after testing.

As we want to improve our testing abilities, we'll look into different methods of testing our vision, concept & prototype. Especially, learning how to test a vision will be an interesting parts of our learning progress.

##### Results
* A logbook full of choices, problems we’ve stumbled upon and their solutions.
* A lot of git commits ;)

#### Communication
##### Goals
Learning how to write academic english will be of great value to writing our future vision. Explaining very abstract subjects to other non-technical people requires a specific way of writing. We would be satisfied with our progression if even non-technical people (our parents for example), can understand our concept.

##### Possible hazards
Because we're writing this thesis in English, it will be more time consuming for us. Which can lead to miscalculations in our planning. It's important that we take this into account in our planning.

##### Tasks
We’ll be writing all documents in English because we want reach a big audience and open source during our process. This way it will be easy for anyone to follow our progression and findings through Github.

During the writing we'll constantly let native academic English writers check our documents. Through constant feedback we will learn from our previous mistakes, and prevent them in the future.

##### Results
* Full thesis in flawless english
* A presentation
* A suggestion for future development of the internet
* All open sourced for the world to see (and use or fork) on Github.

#### Growth & Reflection
##### Goals
Improve ourselves on a personal level & project wise.

##### Possible hazards
Slacking on reflecting regularly will slow down our growth.

##### Tasks
Prior to starting our thesis we’ve written down our individual expectations and goals. This way we can constantly secure our focus on the progress and make the most out of ourselves as possible. By setting ambitious and bold goals we keep ourselves motivated and will bring a step closer to world domination.

During the thesis we’ll be reflecting on our progression and results. We’ll bundle this afterwards and write a concluding reflection on the whole project.

##### Results
* Thesis plan
* A conclusion in the thesis
* Reflection
* And git log with pictures
