Documents/GraduationPlan/Thesis information.markdown, before:

## Thesis information
### Thesis summary
The internet, as we currently know it, is composed of devices connecting to a huge network which grant us, the human, access to the web. The way we see the future, the internet will experience an evolution and actual real-life objects will become part of the internet. Even humans will start to exist on the internet as an actual object. Not through proxies like devices (phones) or services (Facebook) which is currently the standard. The internet will be like the air, everything and everyone will have it's place and we will all be connected.

What we want with our thesis is to design a future vision for the internet from a technical point of view while focusing on data processing. We want to find out how this evolution of the internet can be realised. Also we want to look at what a data structure would look like that can be used for the communication with the human brain while at the same time is efficiently usable by machines.

### Main goal
Designing a future vision and prototype in four months time which allow a new internet to be developed from a technical point of view on data processing to facilitate communication between the human brain and computers.

### Sub goals
* Write a vision on the needs of the human brain in relation to the internet.
* Design a concept for a new internet network structure which fits the vision.
* Build a prototype of the network structure according to our future concept.
* (Create a simulation of the human brain and test the new protocol)

### Main question
How does the current internet relate to the needs of the human brain on the aspect of information exchange?

### Sub questions
* How does information gets stored and exchanged within the human brain according to neuroscientists?
* What does the network structure of the current internet look like?
* What is the current status of communication & information exchange between the human brain and the internet?
* What innovations are there in the field of digital communication and storage structures which would fit the needs of the human brain?

### Prospect
The internet will go trough an evolution after which it will be able to interact with the human brain.

### Results
* Graduation plan
	* The graduation plan contains our goals, questions and planning for this thesis. 
* Research plan
	* In the research plan are the decisions made on how to do the research.
* Presentation/visualisation of our vision
	* In order to spread our vision we have to find a way how to communicate it. It maybe in the form of a presentation, a paper, book, concept art or a graphic. We’ll have to choose a congruent way.
* Prototype
	* After the research and completion of our vision we’re going to make a prototype. The goal of this prototype is to show a possible feature/enhancement based on our vision. It will not be a way to proof whether it works, but more a hands on presentation of our vision.
* Thesis 
	* w/ research, vision and conclusion

### Expectations
#### Jelle
This is my second attempt to do my bachelor thesis. I'm really hard to please and to find it difficult keep focused on one subject. My previous subject got really dull after a while. It just didn't had the innovative ingredient I'm always looking for. So after some problems I decided to ditch it and go for something more mind blowing. I want to leave school with a bang! Not with a dull, dime a dozen, thesis.

This is also my last opportunity to do something completely autonomy and under my own name with the label 'student'. In my opinion it's mostly the 'students' who make a change in this world. So yes, I want to do something which is never done before. I want to be 'arrogant' and say I've designed the new internet, just because I can as a student. I want to design a new internet which is completely neutral, just because I'm a student. I want to enjoy my autonomy now as hard as I can, just because it's my last project as a student.

I like to think about the greater images. Philosophise about hierarchy and taxonomy. When I worked on the OpenBibliotheken (OpenLibraries) project, a project about making public data more accessible I was constant thinking about making that data more persistent. The current web changes so much, things get lost. Such a shame for nice artworks and useful data. I also hated the fact the current net isn't as decentralised, things are still remotely block-able, net neutrality and such. So if been thinking a lot about persistency and how to achieve it. Revisions, proxying, decentralising, mirroring, all sort of possibilities. 

My visit to Dream Industries in Russia added some spice to this. Together with Andrew I discussed the web it's current form. Not only it's persistency but also it's markup and protocol. We concluded the net is connected but not it's data. It's just some loose node's in a mesh connected through DNS names and we, the people, have to interpreted text to be able to navigate through it. It's one big dump of data. One pile of unstructured data. Not usable by machine.

When Andrew started talking about brain implements connected to the internet my mind was blown. Yes, the current web structure is totally not readable by the human brain in it's raw form. The brain would have to surf from page to page to interpreted the info. Which brings the question: how can we make a web structure which is actually readable by the brain?

I have to admit I don't know shit about the neural system. I know the basic about synapses and ... But i've never thought about it in combination with the internet. I want to expand my knowledge about the brain, but also about network, hierarchies and taxonomy and do something with the knowledge by connecting it to the knowledge I have about the current internet protocol. I'm getting fed up with the internet as it is now and want to do something about it.

I want to explore the realms of darknets, all sorts of database structures, semantics, namespacing and protocols to mash all the knowledge together to make a new protocol for the internet!

#### Guido
What I expect from my thesis is designing a prototype for the new internet. A future vision which will stay relevant for the upcoming years. Something I can actually use for my curriculum vitae. A project which does not get scratched from my CV in one or two years time because it'll be outdated by then. I hope that even by the time that the vision is outdated, I can still look back at with pride. That people will say it was genuinely revolutionary.

In the past few weeks I've been looking at CouchApps, and I truly believe that this is a possible future for building websites / web applications. Even though our focus is not at the future of building web applications, it is a great example of an evolution in the field internet. Another evolution I expect is that the human brain will be connected to the internet on it's own, instead of the proxies (like the phones or laptops) that we're currently using.

Efficient communications is something that has been demanding my attention for quite a while lately. How will our brain communicate with the internet, and how can we lookup and store information in an efficient way? How can we access all information in a structured way while keeping all of it decentralised / autonomous at the same time? Those are some of my interests I expect to work on during this thesis.

My goal for this thesis is to create something that allows people to do things that have never been done before. Something that pushes their imagination and stimulates them to explore the boundaries of what they used to do.

My ultimate goal in life is to be an inspiration to my own generation, and the next ones after. I would truly love to help people push the boundaries of what we thought or hoped was possible through technologies & methods I helped design. This thesis could very well be the first step towards achieving that goal.

Commit message:

Revised thesis summary to reflect our improved vision

Documents/GraduationPlan/Thesis information.markdown, after:

## Thesis information

### Thesis summary
Lets presume that, based on current advancements in technology, in the nearby future it will be possible to read information from -, and write information to the human brain with computers. With that new technology it would only be a matter of time before the human brain can use services on the internet as extensions of the human brain. Take for example an online encyclopaedia (wikipedia) to quickly access vast amounts of information during conversations, or an online calendar to remember all of our appointments.

This new technology would vastly decrease the need for smartphones or tablets as they currently are our proxies (or windows) to the internet. At the same time this new technology raises a lot of questions. For this thesis we want to focus on one of them: What is the most efficient(?) way to provide the vast amounts of information & services available on the internet to the human brain? Would an restful JSON api suffice, or would a new technology be required?

We hope this thesis will provide you, the reader, with a sound understanding of what's to come in the near future of the internet, and how to prepare for this change.

### Main goal
Designing a future vision and prototype in four months time which allow a new internet to be developed from a technical point of view on data processing to facilitate communication between the human brain and computers.

### Sub goals
* Write a vision on the needs of the human brain in relation to the internet.
* Design a concept for a new internet network structure which fits the vision.
* Build a prototype of the network structure according to our future concept.
* (Create a simulation of the human brain and test the new protocol)

### Main question
How does the current internet relate to the needs of the human brain on the aspect of information exchange?

### Sub questions
* How does information gets stored and exchanged within the human brain according to neuroscientists?
* What does the network structure of the current internet look like?
* What is the current status of communication & information exchange between the human brain and the internet?
* What innovations are there in the field of digital communication and storage structures which would fit the needs of the human brain?

### Prospect
The internet will go trough an evolution after which it will be able to interact with the human brain.

### Results
* Graduation plan
	* The graduation plan contains our goals, questions and planning for this thesis. 
* Research plan
	* In the research plan are the decisions made on how to do the research.
* Presentation/visualisation of our vision
	* In order to spread our vision we have to find a way how to communicate it. It maybe in the form of a presentation, a paper, book, concept art or a graphic. We’ll have to choose a congruent way.
* Prototype
	* After the research and completion of our vision we’re going to make a prototype. The goal of this prototype is to show a possible feature/enhancement based on our vision. It will not be a way to proof whether it works, but more a hands on presentation of our vision.
* Thesis 
	* w/ research, vision and conclusion

### Expectations
#### Jelle
This is my second attempt to do my bachelor thesis. I'm really hard to please and to find it difficult keep focused on one subject. My previous subject got really dull after a while. It just didn't had the innovative ingredient I'm always looking for. So after some problems I decided to ditch it and go for something more mind blowing. I want to leave school with a bang! Not with a dull, dime a dozen, thesis.

This is also my last opportunity to do something completely autonomy and under my own name with the label 'student'. In my opinion it's mostly the 'students' who make a change in this world. So yes, I want to do something which is never done before. I want to be 'arrogant' and say I've designed the new internet, just because I can as a student. I want to design a new internet which is completely neutral, just because I'm a student. I want to enjoy my autonomy now as hard as I can, just because it's my last project as a student.

I like to think about the greater images. Philosophise about hierarchy and taxonomy. When I worked on the OpenBibliotheken (OpenLibraries) project, a project about making public data more accessible I was constant thinking about making that data more persistent. The current web changes so much, things get lost. Such a shame for nice artworks and useful data. I also hated the fact the current net isn't as decentralised, things are still remotely block-able, net neutrality and such. So if been thinking a lot about persistency and how to achieve it. Revisions, proxying, decentralising, mirroring, all sort of possibilities. 

My visit to Dream Industries in Russia added some spice to this. Together with Andrew I discussed the web it's current form. Not only it's persistency but also it's markup and protocol. We concluded the net is connected but not it's data. It's just some loose node's in a mesh connected through DNS names and we, the people, have to interpreted text to be able to navigate through it. It's one big dump of data. One pile of unstructured data. Not usable by machine.

When Andrew started talking about brain implements connected to the internet my mind was blown. Yes, the current web structure is totally not readable by the human brain in it's raw form. The brain would have to surf from page to page to interpreted the info. Which brings the question: how can we make a web structure which is actually readable by the brain?

I have to admit I don't know shit about the neural system. I know the basic about synapses and ... But i've never thought about it in combination with the internet. I want to expand my knowledge about the brain, but also about network, hierarchies and taxonomy and do something with the knowledge by connecting it to the knowledge I have about the current internet protocol. I'm getting fed up with the internet as it is now and want to do something about it.

I want to explore the realms of darknets, all sorts of database structures, semantics, namespacing and protocols to mash all the knowledge together to make a new protocol for the internet!

#### Guido
What I expect from my thesis is designing a prototype for the new internet. A future vision which will stay relevant for the upcoming years. Something I can actually use for my curriculum vitae. A project which does not get scratched from my CV in one or two years time because it'll be outdated by then. I hope that even by the time that the vision is outdated, I can still look back at with pride. That people will say it was genuinely revolutionary.

In the past few weeks I've been looking at CouchApps, and I truly believe that this is a possible future for building websites / web applications. Even though our focus is not at the future of building web applications, it is a great example of an evolution in the field internet. Another evolution I expect is that the human brain will be connected to the internet on it's own, instead of the proxies (like the phones or laptops) that we're currently using.

Efficient communications is something that has been demanding my attention for quite a while lately. How will our brain communicate with the internet, and how can we lookup and store information in an efficient way? How can we access all information in a structured way while keeping all of it decentralised / autonomous at the same time? Those are some of my interests I expect to work on during this thesis.

My goal for this thesis is to create something that allows people to do things that have never been done before. Something that pushes their imagination and stimulates them to explore the boundaries of what they used to do.

My ultimate goal in life is to be an inspiration to my own generation, and the next ones after. I would truly love to help people push the boundaries of what we thought or hoped was possible through technologies & methods I helped design. This thesis could very well be the first step towards achieving that goal.
