Documents/Thesis expectations & goals.markdown, before:

#Thesis expectations & goals

##Guido's expectations & Goals
What I expect from my thesis is designing a prototype for the new internet. A future vision which will stay relevant for the upcoming years. Something I can actually use for my curriculum vitae. A project which does not get scratched from my CV in one or two years time because it'll be outdated by then.

In the past few weeks I've been looking at CouchApps, and I truly believe that this is a possible future for building websites / web applications. Even though our focus is not at the future of building web applications, it is a great example of an eve lotion on the field of the internet.

My goal for this thesis is to create something that allows people to do things that have never been done before. Something that pushes their imagination and stimulates them to explore the boundaries of what they used to do.

My goals is to be an inspiration to my own generation, and the next one after. I would truly love to help people achieve more greatness trough technologies & methods I helped design.

Commit message:

Fixed typo's in my expectations & goals

Documents/Thesis expectations & goals.markdown, after:

#Thesis expectations & goals

##Guido's expectations & Goals
What I expect from my thesis is designing a prototype for the new internet. A future vision which will stay relevant for the upcoming years. Something I can actually use for my curriculum vitae. A project which does not get scratched from my CV in one or two years time because it'll be outdated by then. I hope that even by the time that the vision is outdated, I can still look back at with pride. That people will say it was genuinely revolutionary.

In the past few weeks I've been looking at CouchApps, and I truly believe that this is a possible future for building websites / web applications. Even though our focus is not at the future of building web applications, it is a great example of an evolution in the field internet.

My goal for this thesis is to create something that allows people to do things that have never been done before. Something that pushes their imagination and stimulates them to explore the boundaries of what they used to do.

My ultimate goal in life is to be an inspiration to my own generation, and the next ones after. I would truly love to help people push the boundaries of what we thought or hoped was possible through technologies & methods I helped design. This thesis could very well be the first step towards achieving that goal.
