Documents/Log/Log.markdown, before:

## Activity
[GithubLog]

## Meetings
23-5-2012
Jelle: Talk with Andrew Pantyukhin.

4-7-2012
Jelle & Guido: Thesis presentation Kees Plattel.

30-9-2012
Jelle & Guido: Consult Maarten Kloppenburg

5-9-2012
Jelle & Guido: Consult Raymond van Dongelen

11-9-2012
Jelle & Guido: Consult Maarten Kloppenburg

26-9-2012
Jelle: Talk with Nikita Vasilyev and Samat Galimov
Recommended reads:
* Brave New World (Aldous Huxley)
* Island (Aldous Huxley)

09-10-2012
Jelle & Guido: Consult with Maarten Kloppenburg about Thesis Plan.

31-10-2012
Jelle & Guido: Consult with Raymond van Dongelen about Thesis Plan.

07-11-2012
Jelle & Guido: Consult with Raymond van Dongelen & Maarten Kloppenburg about Thesis Plan.

19-11-2012
Jelle & Guido: Signing of Thesis Plan by Raymond van Dongelen & Maarten Kloppenburg

7-12-2013
Jelle: Talk with Denis Drachyov on BCI’s

11-2-2013
Jelle: Talk with Askar Ramazanov and Richard Trovatten on future of BCI’s
Recommended reads: 
* [The computing deployment phase](http://cdixon.org/2013/02/10/the-computing-deployment-phase/)
* [Systems Thinking](http://www.systems-thinking.org/dikw/dikw.htm)

17-3-2013
Jelle: Talk with Askar Ramazanov on the interference of culture and digital thinking.

26-3-2013
Jelle: Talk with Richard Trovatten on interaction with computers.
Recommended reads:
* Interaction Design Sketchbook (Bill Verplank. 2009)

15-05-2013
Jelle & Guido: Consult with Raymond van Dongelen

29-05-2013
Jelle & Guido: Consult with Raymond van Dongelen

Commit message:

Complete thesis refactored after new insights provided by Raymond

Documents/Log/Log.markdown, after:

## Activity
[GithubLog]

## Meetings
23-5-2012
Jelle: Talk with Andrew Pantyukhin.

4-7-2012
Jelle & Guido: Thesis presentation Kees Plattel.

30-9-2012
Jelle & Guido: Consult Maarten Kloppenburg

5-9-2012
Jelle & Guido: Consult Raymond van Dongelen

11-9-2012
Jelle & Guido: Consult Maarten Kloppenburg

26-9-2012
Jelle: Talk with Nikita Vasilyev and Samat Galimov
Recommended reads:
* Brave New World (Aldous Huxley)
* Island (Aldous Huxley)

09-10-2012
Jelle & Guido: Consult with Maarten Kloppenburg about Thesis Plan.

31-10-2012
Jelle & Guido: Consult with Raymond van Dongelen about Thesis Plan.

07-11-2012
Jelle & Guido: Consult with Raymond van Dongelen & Maarten Kloppenburg about Thesis Plan.

19-11-2012
Jelle & Guido: Signing of Thesis Plan by Raymond van Dongelen & Maarten Kloppenburg

7-12-2013
Jelle: Talk with Denis Drachyov on BCI’s

11-2-2013
Jelle: Talk with Askar Ramazanov and Richard Trovatten on future of BCI’s
Recommended reads: 
* [The computing deployment phase](http://cdixon.org/2013/02/10/the-computing-deployment-phase/)
* [Systems Thinking](http://www.systems-thinking.org/dikw/dikw.htm)

17-3-2013
Jelle: Talk with Askar Ramazanov on the interference of culture and digital thinking.

26-3-2013
Jelle: Talk with Richard Trovatten on interaction with computers.
Recommended reads:
* Interaction Design Sketchbook (Bill Verplank. 2009)

15-05-2013
Jelle & Guido: Consult with Raymond van Dongelen

24-05-2013
Massive restructure of the thesis. We came to the conclusion that most of our writings are about the development process and not about the actual communication chain.

29-05-2013
Jelle & Guido: Consult with Raymond van Dongelen
