Documents/Research/Subquestion 3.markdown, before:

## Sub question 3
> What are the differences & similarities between the human brain and the internet when looking at the certain aspects of data storage and retrieval based on our findings?

TODO: semantics

### Requirements of a intelligent machine
> According to functionalism, being intelligent or having a mind is purely a property of organization and has nothing inherently to do with what you’re organized out of. A mind exists in any system whose constituent parts have the right causal relationship with each other, but those parts can just as validly be neurons, silicon chips, or something else. [Hawkins, 2004, p. 75][#Hawkins:2004]

### Capacity
Upper limit, neurogenesis vs modular computers

> Capacity is the first issue. Let’s say the cortex has 32 trillion synapses. If we represented each synapse using only two bits (giving us four possible values per synapse) and each byte has eight bits (so one byte could represent four synapses), then we would need roughly 8 trillion bytes of memory. A hard drive on a personal computer today has 100 billion bytes, so we would need about eighty of today’s hard drives to have the same amount of memory as a human cortex.[Hawkins, 2004, p. 384][#Hawkins:2004]

Because of the modular design of computers, doubling or quadrupling the memory is no issue at all. Through neurogenesis a brain can increase it's capacity, but it could never double it's capacity in a day. Even doubling it's capacity throughout a lifetime is highly unlikely.

### Centralisation / Decentralisation
As the human brain has no option to replicate itself, or distribute data to a different location it's highly centralised. The data within the human brain can be as much decentralised as we would like, but right now that data is not going to exit the human body through the use of a wire.

Computers are linked together through the internet. Exchanging data and storing information on other computers is rather easy.  The internet by nature is decentralised and refers to different locations throughout the internet. A decentralised computer network.

### Computational power
> Neurons are quite slow compared to the transistors in a computer. A neuron collects inputs from its synapses, and combines these inputs together to decide when to output a spike to other neurons. A typical neuron can do this and reset itself in about five milliseconds (5 ms), or around two hundred times per second. This may seem fast, but a modern silicon-based computer can do one billion operations in a second. [Hawkins, 2004, p. 127][#Hawkins:2004]

> No matter how many workers you hire, the problem cannot be solved in less time than it takes to walk a million steps. The same is true for parallel computers. [Hawkins, 2004, p. 130][#Hawkins:2004]

There's big difference between the computational power of a computer and a human brain.

### Data storage
Data on the internet is served through pages/documents. Often these pages are scripted in html and linked together with hyperlinks. This way you’re able to browse from page to page end collect your information. Hyperlinks enable you to browse from one server to an other. So the internet is plainly a bunch of file cabinets, pointing to each other within documents. The DNS protocol allows it to directly access a document through a domain name, but the name is not tied to the content. 

The brain doesn’t have pages or domain names. The links are different as well. Patterns are the storage, not the nodes (or in the case of the internet the pages). The internet itself doesn’t value the storage like the brain does with its weights on synapses. Although you could say that Google’s Pagerank tries to emulate this by storing information about the importance of links by looking how often they are linked and accessed. Google’s pagerank is used to order its results in it’s search engine on importance. But still it doesn’t make a hyperlink a synapse.

### Data retrieval speed
How fast are brains able to read from their memories and what is the difference with computers?

### Learning
In the field of learning the human brain and computers differ greatly. Where the human brain can make sense of whatever stream of information is being fed to it, the computer needs everything to be defined in advance. There is a lot of research being done in the field of artificial intelligence, but currently there are no computers that are able to interact with whatever you do if the feature hasn't been implemented. [Hawkins, 2004][#Hawkins:2004]

For example if an intelligent robot was built to play a game of football, that same computer would not be able to have a sophisticated conversation with you. Current artificial intelligence is based on fooling the human the machine is smart. It hasn't learnt itself to talk, it didn't learn itself to walk or play a game of football. All of that intelligence has been defined by it's creator. 

### Persistence
The human mind works with a two step progress much like computers do. Information gets stored in the short therm memory. And, if important enough, gets stored in the long therm memory later on. When looking at computers you can compare the short and long therm memory with the system memory and the hard disk drive respectively. Anything in memory which is important enough gets stored on the hard disk. The human brain and the computers have much the same weaknesses. Where the human brain forgets information when not used for a long time, the hard disk can get read & write errors resulting in data getting lost.

Luckily, for computers we found a couple of solutions to this problem, two of them being backups and version control systems. The first stores a snapshot of a file or set of files at a different location. The second solution does the same as the first, but keeps a snapshot of the file for each moment in history it changed. This allows you to browse through versions of the information. A very strong feature the human brain is essentially lacking.

### Portability of data
One key problem to the human brain is the fact that it's locked up in your skull. You can't make a copy of it, or pull it out and place it in a different body. At least, not with current technology. The current computer model really shines here, hard disk drives are extremely easy to duplicate or move to a different computer. The moment a hard disk gets faulty, you can replace it. The human brain can adapt to parts of the brain being damaged, but the damaged parts can not be replaced.

### Sharing
Just like the portability of data, sharing is also a problem to the human. The only way for a human to share the information in the brain is in the form of a conversation. We don't have the ability to make connections with other brains like computers can. A conversation can be done over the phone, but the information has to be explained before the receiver can make sense of the data.

With computers you can just send documents, images, sounds or videos to another computer without the need to explain the information. The in advance defined standards of the computer really help here. Because computers expect data to be formatted in a specific way, they can make sense of the raw data. Much like it would be to feed the stream of data coming from your retina (eye) to another human brain.

[#Chorost:2011]: Chorost, M. (2011). World Wide Mind. New York: Free Press.
[#Hawkins:2004]: Hawkins, J. & Blakeslee, S. (2004). On intelligence. New York: Times Books.

Commit message:

giving more body to 'Requirements of a intelligent machine'

Documents/Research/Subquestion 3.markdown, after:

## Sub question 3
> What are the differences & similarities between the human brain and the internet when looking at the certain aspects of data storage and retrieval based on our findings?

### Requirements of a intelligent machine
> According to functionalism, being intelligent or having a mind is purely a property of organization and has nothing inherently to do with what you’re organized out of. A mind exists in any system whose constituent parts have the right causal relationship with each other, but those parts can just as validly be neurons, silicon chips, or something else. [Hawkins, 2004, p. 75][#Hawkins:2004]

In ‘On intelligence’ Hawkins predicts that computers will never be able to think of themselves, that there's no future in what is called artificial intelligence. His argument is that they can't reprogram their complete own workings except for some small parameters (which are programmed in advance) and thus are not intelligent, like us humans.

Artificial intelligence tries to emulate human behaviour, but according to Hawkins: ‘Intelligence is measured by the predictive ability of a hierarchical memory, not by humanlike behavior.’ [Hawkins, 2004, 72%][#Hawkins:2004]

Hawking uses the Chinese Room metaphor as an argument why machines will never be intelligent like humans. 

> The Chinese room is a thought experiment presented by John Searle. It supposes that there is a program that gives a computer the ability to carry on an intelligent conversation in written Chinese. If the program is given to someone who speaks only English to execute the instructions of the program by hand, then in theory, the English speaker would also be able to carry on a conversation in written Chinese. However, the English speaker would not be able to understand the conversation. Similarly, Searle concludes, a computer executing the program would not understand the conversation either. [Wikipedia, 2013][#Wikipedia:2013]

Because of the brain plasticity, people are able to 'reprogram' themselves. Any input and/or conclusion is changing the internal structure of the brain and making the brain more intelligent. This is also called learning. Computers are not able to learn. There is this thing called machine learning, which is used to make predictions, but it will never be able to stop it’s main task and completely rewrite it. Sure you can make really sophisticated machines and behaviour, but it won’t be able to quit it’s job as a computer and continue on as a butler.

So, a computer will never be as intelligent as a human. It might be better to use the computer/web as an extension of the human brain.

### Capacity
Upper limit, neurogenesis vs modular computers

> Capacity is the first issue. Let’s say the cortex has 32 trillion synapses. If we represented each synapse using only two bits (giving us four possible values per synapse) and each byte has eight bits (so one byte could represent four synapses), then we would need roughly 8 trillion bytes of memory. A hard drive on a personal computer today has 100 billion bytes, so we would need about eighty of today’s hard drives to have the same amount of memory as a human cortex.[Hawkins, 2004, p. 384][#Hawkins:2004]

Because of the modular design of computers, doubling or quadrupling the memory is no issue at all. Through neurogenesis a brain can increase it's capacity, but it could never double it's capacity in a day. Even doubling it's capacity throughout a lifetime is highly unlikely.

### Centralisation / Decentralisation
As the human brain has no option to replicate itself, or distribute data to a different location it's highly centralised. The data within the human brain can be as much decentralised as we would like, but right now that data is not going to exit the human body through the use of a wire.

Computers are linked together through the internet. Exchanging data and storing information on other computers is rather easy.  The internet by nature is decentralised and refers to different locations throughout the internet. A decentralised computer network.

### Computational power
> Neurons are quite slow compared to the transistors in a computer. A neuron collects inputs from its synapses, and combines these inputs together to decide when to output a spike to other neurons. A typical neuron can do this and reset itself in about five milliseconds (5 ms), or around two hundred times per second. This may seem fast, but a modern silicon-based computer can do one billion operations in a second. [Hawkins, 2004, p. 127][#Hawkins:2004]

> No matter how many workers you hire, the problem cannot be solved in less time than it takes to walk a million steps. The same is true for parallel computers. [Hawkins, 2004, p. 130][#Hawkins:2004]

There's big difference between the computational power of a computer and a human brain.

### Data storage
Data on the internet is served through pages/documents. Often these pages are scripted in html and linked together with hyperlinks. This way you’re able to browse from page to page end collect your information. Hyperlinks enable you to browse from one server to an other. So the internet is plainly a bunch of file cabinets, pointing to each other within documents. The DNS protocol allows it to directly access a document through a domain name, but the name is not tied to the content. 

The brain doesn’t have pages or domain names. The links are different as well. Patterns are the storage, not the nodes (or in the case of the internet the pages). The internet itself doesn’t value the storage like the brain does with its weights on synapses. Although you could say that Google’s Pagerank tries to emulate this by storing information about the importance of links by looking how often they are linked and accessed. Google’s pagerank is used to order its results in it’s search engine on importance. But still it doesn’t make a hyperlink a synapse.

### Data retrieval speed
How fast are brains able to read from their memories and what is the difference with computers?

### Learning
In the field of learning the human brain and computers differ greatly. Where the human brain can make sense of whatever stream of information is being fed to it, the computer needs everything to be defined in advance. There is a lot of research being done in the field of artificial intelligence, but currently there are no computers that are able to interact with whatever you do if the feature hasn't been implemented. [Hawkins, 2004][#Hawkins:2004]

For example if an intelligent robot was built to play a game of football, that same computer would not be able to have a sophisticated conversation with you. Current artificial intelligence is based on fooling the human the machine is smart. It hasn't learnt itself to talk, it didn't learn itself to walk or play a game of football. All of that intelligence has been defined by it's creator. 

### Persistence
The human mind works with a two step progress much like computers do. Information gets stored in the short therm memory. And, if important enough, gets stored in the long therm memory later on. When looking at computers you can compare the short and long therm memory with the system memory and the hard disk drive respectively. Anything in memory which is important enough gets stored on the hard disk. The human brain and the computers have much the same weaknesses. Where the human brain forgets information when not used for a long time, the hard disk can get read & write errors resulting in data getting lost.

Luckily, for computers we found a couple of solutions to this problem, two of them being backups and version control systems. The first stores a snapshot of a file or set of files at a different location. The second solution does the same as the first, but keeps a snapshot of the file for each moment in history it changed. This allows you to browse through versions of the information. A very strong feature the human brain is essentially lacking.

### Portability of data
One key problem to the human brain is the fact that it's locked up in your skull. You can't make a copy of it, or pull it out and place it in a different body. At least, not with current technology. The current computer model really shines here, hard disk drives are extremely easy to duplicate or move to a different computer. The moment a hard disk gets faulty, you can replace it. The human brain can adapt to parts of the brain being damaged, but the damaged parts can not be replaced.

### Sharing
Just like the portability of data, sharing is also a problem to the human. The only way for a human to share the information in the brain is in the form of a conversation. We don't have the ability to make connections with other brains like computers can. A conversation can be done over the phone, but the information has to be explained before the receiver can make sense of the data.

With computers you can just send documents, images, sounds or videos to another computer without the need to explain the information. The in advance defined standards of the computer really help here. Because computers expect data to be formatted in a specific way, they can make sense of the raw data. Much like it would be to feed the stream of data coming from your retina (eye) to another human brain.

[#Chorost:2011]: Chorost, M. (2011). World Wide Mind. New York: Free Press.
[#Hawkins:2004]: Hawkins, J. & Blakeslee, S. (2004). On intelligence. New York: Times Books.
[#Wikipedia:2013]:Wikipedia article on Chinese room. (2013). Retrieved from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_room
